HLS benchmarks (#3117)
haskell/haskell-language-server: bench/README.md

# Benchmarks

This folder contains a Shake script to simplify the performance analysis of HLS.

> It drives the `ghcide-bench` benchmark suite over a set of commits and experiments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It drives the `haskell-language-server:benchmark` benchmark suite over a set of commits and experiments.
```

To run it, use `cabal bench`.
To configure it, edit `bench/config.yaml`.
By default it compares HEAD with "origin/master"

# Examples and experiments

The benchmark suites runs a set of experiments (hover, completion, edit, etc.)
over all the defined examples (currently Cabal and lsp-types). Examples are defined

> in `bench/config.yaml` whereas experiments are coded in `ghcide/bench/lib/Experiments.hs`.

Reviewer: I guess it's true that the experiments are still defined in ghcide...
